in today's video we'll be going through
the 2011's american drama indie horror
film sound of my voice sport is a hedge
you have been warned make sure to give
this video a thumbs up comment on what
your favorite part was and subscribe to
our channel for more the movie begins
with peter and lorna arriving at a
property following some instructions
peter is a substitute school teacher
while lorna is an aspiring writer
they're in their 20s in making a film
documentary the subject of their
documentary is a secretive cult led by a
woman named maggie after entering the
property they're instructed to park
their car inside a garage where a man
appears and confiscates all their
belongings except clothes after frisking
them the man takes them into the house
that's some way to welcome someone
they're then given new surgical gowns to
change into and a towel the man escorts
them to separate bathrooms and instructs
them to clean their bodies thoroughly
with soap after the cleaning ritual the
man blindfolds and zip ties them peter
and lorna then board a van where other
similar blindfolded couples are already
waiting they're then driven to a secret
location and at the location the couples
are greeted by a middle-aged man with
long gray hair in the basement his name
is klaus he inspects their hands before
exchanging a distinctive intricate
handshake which they've been practicing
now this is some shady ritual right here
if you observe closely when peter and
lorna were blindfolded at the beginning
of the film before being driven to
maggie's location for the first time the
blindfolds changed from being narrowed
to wide and then back to narrow again
after passing the handshake stage klaus
embraces and welcomes them peter and
lorna then join eight other members they
all then bow their heads in reverence as
klaus welcomes maggie a veiled woman
wearing a white dress walks in dragging
an oxygen bottle stroller with her she
takes a seat and unveils her face maggie
thanks the congregation for taking the
precautions to meet her implying that
the showering and clothing requirements
are to avoid aggravating her illness
maggie then proceeds to tell her story
she reveals that two years ago she woke
up naked underwater in the bathtub of a
motel she didn't know what she was doing
there or where she was from she only
remembered her name and birthday and
nothing else she was extremely weak and
had a terrible immune system and she
ended up on the streets lost she kept
wandering until one day when klaus found
her he heard about maggie and her
peculiar tattoos from others he took her
in fed her and gave her vitamins and in
three four weeks she started to regain
her memory she then shows the members
her tattoos on her foot it's an anchor
with the number 54 next to it the anchor
is the sign of a time traveler and the
number 54 is the year 2054 where she
came from after the meeting peter and
lorna drive back home they learned that
the hidden camera that they had sneaked
in didn't record anything as the
camera's transmitter in peter's car went
out of range after they were taken to a
different secret location peter notices
lorna is shaken yet intrigued by the
cult he reminds her that maggie is a
dangerous con artist who needs to be
exposed before she makes any of the cult
members kill themselves when driving
after the first visit with maggie the
speedometer stays at zero the whole time
it's then revealed that when peter was
12 his mother was diagnosed with cancer
she was a longtime member of a new age
cult and believed that modern medicine
shouldn't intervene in her fate she
later died on the eve of peter's 13th
birthday peter's backstory of her mother
dying of cancer after refusing medical
treatment because she belongs to an
extremist religious sect that forbids it
resembles the real life story of rock
band metallica's lead singer james
hetfield the couple continues to go to
the secret cult meetings they're made to
do peculiar exercises and meditations
during one such meeting a cult member
takes lorna to an indoor garden where
maggie's food is grown the member
reveals that maggie is allergic to
almost everything in the current time
period maggie reveals in the meeting
that she traveled back in time to save
the people she loves for the next
meeting peter decides to swallow the
camera's transmitter so it could travel
with him to the secret basement and
record whatever the camera hidden in his
glasses can see good god dedication
later at the meeting lorna leads the
members through an intense psychological
exercise maggie then asks them to close
their eyes and travel back in time to
their childhood a time before they knew
words once there she asks them what it
smells like what it feels like and how
they feel she then tells them to live
there the members suddenly start to
laugh and act like little children she
then calls them back to the present and
asks them to eat the apple halfway
through eating the apple maggie asks
them if they know what's in the apple uh
oh peter and lorna look at each other
worried maggie then answers her
questions herself and tells him that the
apple signifies logic bitterness
intellectual [ __ ] and many other
things that they acquired in growing up
few i almost thought she poisoned them
or something she asked them how much of
it they can get rid of how can they
purge themselves of shame self-hatred
and rise to their calling as the chosen
one they all have the privilege of
knowing the future but are they going to
be prepared for it one by one the
members then start to make themselves
artificially vomit the apple as peter
who swallowed a hidden camera
transmitter right before coming to the
meeting nervously watches maggie then
asks peter to puke the apple but he
refuses as she continues to press him
lorna pretends to pass out to save peter
however maggie sees through lorna's
deception and calls peter weak for
relying on his girlfriend to save him
such a classic and cliched way to get
under a man's skin she then asks him why
he's so afraid of letting loose who made
him feel so powerless that he became so
obsessed with being in control who hurt
him so much that he never wants to feel
that way again lorna's seeing her
boyfriend being berated like this tries
to intervene still maggie continues and
asks him if it's something to do with
his father or perhaps his mother oh come
on don't go there now maggie peter
reacts angrily and curses her out
identifying his weakness maggie
questions him what his mother did to
make him so angry he irely reveals that
she died and left him when he was a kid
maggie continues and asks him what
happened to him afterward peter reveals
that he lived with his grandparents
after his mother's death maggie then
comments on peter's looks and speculates
that he must have been a good looking
kid and alludes to peter being sexually
abused by someone she's just taking it
too far at this point maggie continues
by asking how it felt not having anyone
to protect him peter bows his head down
and breaks into tears as lorna watches
in utter disbelief maggie comforts an
emotional peter and tells him that he
may have been powerless then but not
anymore he can let go of it now peter
then complies and vomits the apple the
members embrace him and peter looking
lost hides the transmitter he puked
along with the apple lorna starts
getting word for peter as she has never
seen him cry she gets skeptical about
going through with their covert
investigation as maggie is beginning to
get into peter's head peter assures her
that he's fine and he made all those
things up and let maggie think that
she's right so he could get themselves
out of that situation peter and lorna
continue to go to the meetings during
one of the meetings maggie describes the
future as riddled with war famine and
struggle she reveals that her generation
is really comfortable with death as
people die around them all the time but
there's still beauty especially in the
countryside where there's dancing music
and theater the new members insist she
sings a song from her time maggie
initially hesitates but then sings a
song and later everyone sings along one
of the members named lam then tells her
that the song she sang was from the 90s
by a band called the cranberries maggie
retorts that it could be but in the
future it was made popular by a singer
named bennetton lamdan asks her to tell
them something from the forthcoming
future they could prove maggie offended
asks him to tell her something from
before he was born she then asks him
what he would do with himself even if
she tells him something from the near
future she continues and says that a
mind as narrow as his would have no idea
what to do with that information maggie
then kicks lam out of the group and
gives his girlfriend christine an option
to stay with the group or leave with him
christine stays with maggie maggie later
invites peter for a private talk after
the meeting in her room while lorna is
driven back home by the cult members she
reveals to peter that she kicked lam
because she saw christine while growing
up in the future but she never saw lamb
he doesn't belong to them peter then
asks if he and lorna are there in her
future she answers that it's for them to
decide not her she then asks him for a
favor she shows him a picture of one of
his students abigail pritchett she's an
eccentric 8 year old girl maggie asked
peter to bring abigail to her peter is
shocked and alarmed to hear her request
he tells her that he can't bring an
eight-year-old child to a basement
maggie offended tells him that either he
brings the girl to her or he and lorna
can stay away from the basement he tells
her that he first needs to know why she
wants her after a lot of back and forth
maggie finally reveals that abigail
pritchett is allegedly her mother holy
mother of god what a twist when peter
returns home he tells lorna about
maggie's demand lorna suggests going to
the police but peter rebuffs the
suggestion he tells her that if he
doesn't bring on the girl they'll be
kicked out of the cult and their
investigation will not be completed come
on peter someone's life is on the line
here forget your goddamn investigation
peter and lorna have a huge argument
over it peter accuses her of not
finishing things she starts while lorna
is outraged upon learning that peter is
even considering following maggie's
orders she suspects that peter who was
initially adamant that maggie was a
charlatan is now intrigued by and even
attracted to maggie she accuses him of
falling for maggie's deception lorna
then kicks him out and they go separate
ways peter later calls klaus to let him
know that he's gonna bring abigail such
determination sheesh meanwhile lorna is
extremely upset over peter a woman named
carol briggs approaches her and tries to
comfort her she then tells lorna that
she can help her restore him to his
senses she later identifies herself as a
justice department agent carol reveals
that maggie's real name is shelley
widdle she's wanted in sacramento for
armed robbery and in fresno for arson
lorna concludes that's the reason why
maggie never leaves her basement carol
further adds that they believe that
maggie is arming and her subjects are
being wittingly or unwittingly fashioned
into militias lorna declines to go back
to the dangerous cult again but carol
eventually convinces lorna to help the
justice department capture her and hide
the plan from peter lorna then meets
peter and tells him that he was right
and they should finish what they started
she tells him that they should arrange
the meeting in a public place instead of
bringing abigail to the basement peter
is happy to get lorna back and agrees
they again go to the next cult meeting
together after the gathering peter
informs klaus that he will take abigail
and her classmates on a field trip next
friday klaus tells him that maggie can't
go out but peter tells him it's the best
he can do and leaves on friday peter
spikes the tires of mrs dewitt's car the
teacher who was supposed to take the
school children to la brea tarpets for
the field trip no hollywood thriller is
complete without this act of shithousery
abigail is a student from the same
school mrs dewitt can't get to school
and the school principal asks peter to
accompany the children on the trip after
getting to the venue peter and lorna
arranged for maggie to meet the student
in public peter takes abigail away from
other students and lies to her that his
actor's friend maggie wants to meet her
to prepare for the role of a mother the
cult then makes peter and abigail take
off their shoes and they are called to a
dark aloof room where maggie is waiting
for them when maggie meets the little
girl they effortlessly perform the
cult's intricate handshake as peter
watches in astonishment abigail
surprised asks maggie how she knew her
secret handshake and maggie reverently
responds you taught it to me
men in police uniforms then burst into
the room and seize maggie as cult
members angrily accuse peter of
betraying maggie he exchanges a glance
with lorna who smiles slightly affirming
her role in maggie's capture abigail
then asks peter who maggie was and he
responds stricken that he does not know
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries